chore: add a param to specify openvsx url (#1030)
redhat-developer/devspaces: dependencies/che-plugin-registry/README.md

### Local DS Plugin Registry Build Process
A local build works just like upstream -- use the `build.sh` script. The only difference in DS is that the resulting devfile.yaml files generated by the build process are zipped up into a .tar.gz file and copied into the container. This differs from upstream which just copies the output folder directly.

> Using the `--openvsx-url` parameter in `build.sh` will set an URL where `OpenVSX` sources are located. In case if it is needed to override a default version of `che-openvsx` that is https://github.com/che-incubator/che-openvsx.git, it's possible to provide a downlad link to `che-openvsx.tar.gz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `OpenVSX` version used is `che-openvsx`, which will be built from https://github.com/che-incubator/che-openvsx.git at a tag defined in the [job-config.json](../job-config.json). To override this version use the `--openvsx-url` parameter in `build.sh` to set a URL where alternative `OpenVSX` sources can be downloaded. The URL must point to a file named `che-openvsx.tar.gz`.
```

Updated the readme to clarify. When I first read it I assumed you could just point to a different git repository. 

It might also be worth renaming the parameter to --cheopensx-url since it _must_ point to a version of che-openvsx, or at least a file named that way, but that's just me.
